NIGHTINGALE - version 2 of Cantor, adapted for SWIFT/HBT-HERONS input.

Started 17 Feb 2025.

The purpose of this script is to reprocess subhalo catalogues for optimized
assignment of particles to subhaloes. As in Cantor, the basic principle is
that we start with a `source' of particles from previous snapshots, and then
perform iterative unbinding from there. Any particle can belong to the source
of multiple subhaloes, but if it is bound to more than one it will only be
assigned to the single subhalo to which it is best matched (see below).

Different from Cantor, there is no longer special consideration for the
`reference' snapshot when the subhalo was last a central. This is because it
turned out that accretion of new particles onto subhaloes is significant enough
that later snapshots need to be considered anyway, and so it is simpler and
cleaner to only base the source finding on the most recent snapshots. With
the snapshot to be processed labelled `T' (target), we mostly consider the
previous snapshot (T-1), but also the one before that (T-2) to account for
particles that were erroneously marked as unbound in T-1.

A second key difference is that we distinguish between `active' and `passive'
source particles. The latter are considered as massless during gravitational
unbinding, and therefore do not contribute to the subhalo potential. If they
are bound to the active part of the subhalo then they are considered as normal
subhalo members. This allows us to be quite inclusive in the source definition
while minimising the risk of converging to a wrong subhalo due to these extra
particles.

Sources are composed of the following categories:

ACTIVE:
0. Particles that, in T-1, belonged to a parent of the galaxy under
   consideration.
1. Particles that, in T-1, belonged to the galaxy under consideration
2. Particles that, in T-1, belonged to a galaxy that merged with the target
   galaxy between T-1 and T.
3. Particles that were identified as belonging to the subhalo by HBT-HERON.

PASSIVE:
4. Particles that belonged to the galaxy in the pre-prior snapshot (T-2)
5. Particles that lie within 2.0 x the maximum distance of HBT-HERONS members.
6. Particles that, in T-1, belonged to subhaloes that are now within 2.0x the
   maximum distance of HBT-HERONS members.

Particles claimed by multiple subhaloes are assigned to the one for which they
are highest in this origin list (e.g. a particle will always remain within
its previous satellite if still bound to it, unless it becomes bound to one of
its children). Two special cases:

(a) For the highest origin category (0), if a particle is claimed by multiple
    children of its prior galaxy, the lowest-ranked one wins. This effectively
    permits accretion by (sub-)satellites from their parents wherever physical.
    If it is claimed by multiple children of the same rank, the one whose
    centre is closest to the particle wins.
(b) For categories 5 and 6, if a particle is claimed by multiple subhaloes
    at the same origin level, the one whose centre is closest to the particle
    wins.

At the implementation level, classes are divided out over individual files.
In addition, input and output functionality is outsourced to individual
files to allow for easy swapping of different simulations.




